Update language contributing text (#14)
iHiD/v3: languages/README.md

# Languages

## Contributing

> Thanks for wanting to contribute to one of the available languages! Contributions are very welcome!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for wanting to contribute to one of Exercism's language tracks! Contributions are very welcome!
```

To contribute, please select the language you'd like to contribute to:

- [C][c]
- [CoffeeScript][coffeescript]
- [C++][cplusplus]
- [C#][csharp]
- [Dart][dart]
- [F#][fsharp]
- [Go][go]
- [Haskell][haskell]
- [Java][java]
- [JavaScript][javascript]
- [Julia][julia]
- [Kotlin][kotlin]
- [Python][python]
- [Ruby][ruby]
- [Typescript][typescript]

[c]: ./c/README.md
[coffeescript]: ./coffeescript/README.md
[cplusplus]: ./cplusplus/README.md
[csharp]: ./csharp/README.md
[dart]: ./dart/README.md
[fsharp]: ./fsharp/README.md
[go]: ./go/README.md
[haskell]: ./haskell/README.md
[java]: ./java/README.md
[javascript]: ./javascript/README.md
[julia]: ./julia/README.md
[kotlin]: ./kotlin/README.md
[python]: ./python/README.md
[ruby]: ./ruby/README.md

> [typescript]: ./typescript/README.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[typescript]: ./typescript/README.md

If you would like to create a new language track for V3, please [open an issue here](https://github.com/exercism/request-new-language-track).
```
